Add support for puppet-managed LBs on cloudscale (#12)
appuio/component-openshift4-terraform: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/upgrade-cloudscale-v1-v2.adoc

> = Upgrade Cloudscale.ch module from v1 to v2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Upgrade cloudscale.ch Terraform module from v1 to v2
```

> https://github.com/appuio/terraform-openshift4-cloudscale/releases/tag/v2.0.0[terraform-openshift4-cloudscale v2.0.0] introduced Puppet-managed load balancer VMs managed by VSHN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://github.com/appuio/terraform-openshift4-cloudscale/releases/tag/v2.0.0[terraform-openshift4-cloudscale v2.0.0] introduces Puppet-managed load balancer VMs managed by VSHN.
```

> It includes breaking changes that make an upgrade process necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That release includes breaking changes which require manual steps to upgrade existing clusters.
```

== Prerequisites

* `ssh-keygen`
* `jq`
* `vault` https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/commands[Vault CLI]
* `base64`
* `curl`

== Setup environment variables

.Access to API
[source,bash]
----
# For example: https://api.syn.vshn.net
# IMPORTANT: do NOT add a trailing `/`. Commands below will fail.
export COMMODORE_API_URL=<lieutenant-api-endpoint>
export COMMODORE_API_TOKEN=<lieutenant-api-token>

export CLUSTER_ID=<lieutenant-cluster-id> # Looks like: c-<something>
export TENANT_ID=$(curl -sH "Authorization: Bearer ${COMMODORE_API_TOKEN}" ${COMMODORE_API_URL}/clusters/${CLUSTER_ID} | jq -r .tenant)
----

== Update credentials

> . Add additional Cloudscale.ch token for Floaty and configure GitLab repository as described in xref:how-tos/use-cloudscale.adoc[Use Cloudscale.ch]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add an  additional cloudscale.ch token for Floaty and configure GitLab repository as described in xref:how-tos/use-cloudscale.adoc[Use Cloudscale.ch]
```

. Connect with Vault
+
[source,bash]
----
export VAULT_ADDR=https://vault-prod.syn.vshn.net
vault login -method=ldap username=<your.name>
----

. Prepare SSH key
+
[NOTE]
====

> We generate a unique SSH key pair for the cluster as this enables us troubleshooting access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We generate a unique SSH key pair for the cluster for troubleshooting access to the cluster hosts.
```
